Upgrade to Composable Kernel 7.2 (#396)
amd/rocm-examples: Libraries/ComposableKernel/attention/fmha_fwd_v3/README.md

# CK Tile Programming Model: Fused Multi-Head Attention Forward v3 example

## Description

> This example demonstrates how to perform FMHA (fused multi-head attention) forward pass with the CK Tile programming model using the v3 implementation. This version focuses exclusively on the forward pass and includes support for variable-length sequences with padding, allowing efficient processing of batches where sequences have different effective lengths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to perform FMHA (fused multi-head attention) forward pass with CK Tile using the v3 implementation. This version focuses exclusively on the forward pass and includes support for variable-length sequences with padding, allowing efficient processing of batches where sequences have different effective lengths.
```

### Supported architectures

> The example is only supported for the `gfx950` architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example works on the `gfx950` architecture only.
```

### Application flow

> #### Forward pass

Reviewer: Is there a backward pass?

1. Command line arguments are parsed to configure matrix dimensions and execution parameters.

> 2. Buffers for Q, K, V tensors are created on the host and initialized with random values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Buffers for the Q, K, V tensors are created on the host and initialized with random values.
```

3. Buffers for all tensors are created on the device.
4. The tensors are copied from the host to the device.
5. Optional variable-length sequence support is configured:
   - If effective sequence lengths are provided via `q_eff_lens` or `kv_eff_lens`, cumulative sequence length arrays are computed and uploaded to the device.

>    - These arrays allow the kernel to skip padded regions and only process valid data.

Reviewer: I would remove the subpoints and move these to the same line in 5 because they aren't two points but explanations.

6. CK Tile's `fmha_fwd_v3` kernel is instantiated and launched on the device.
7. If validation is enabled, the results are compared against a custom reference implementation:
   - For variable-length sequences, the reference computation processes only the effective (non-padded) portion of each sequence.

>    - Padded regions are zero-initialized and verified to remain zero.

Reviewer: Same as with 5. The subpoints should be on the same line.

8. All buffers are freed automatically.

## Key APIs and concepts

### CK Tile architecture

> The example makes use of three key architectural components:

Reviewer: All the example readmes use different wording for this section. I think they should be unified to all use the same wording.

Author: I'll address this point as part of #397, to ensure the new examples are also unified.

> * A **shape** defines the hierarchical tile structure and memory layout. In this example it is set to a custom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The **shape** defines the hierarchical tile structure and memory layout. In this example it is set to a custom
```

  shape based on the sequence length.

> * A **problem** combines data types with the shape configuration. In this example its components are set individually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The **problem** combines data types with the shape configuration. In this example its components are set individually
```

  by specifying the individual tensors' dimensions, strides, etc. as part of the arguments to the kernel.

> * A **kernel** implements the actual computation using the problem and policy definitions. In this example CK Tile's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The **kernel** implements the actual computation using the problem and policy definitions. In this example CK Tile's
```

  `fmha_fwd_v3` is used.

### Variable-length sequence support

The v3 implementation supports efficient handling of variable-length sequences through cumulative sequence length arrays:

* `cu_seqlen_q_ptr`: Cumulative sequence lengths for queries (size: batch + 1)
* `cu_seqlen_kv_ptr`: Cumulative sequence lengths for keys/values (size: batch + 1)

When provided, these arrays allow the kernel to:

> * Process only the valid (non-padded) portion of each sequence

Reviewer: There needs to be a blank line before the first point.

* Skip computation on padded regions
* Maintain correct attention masks per sequence

This is particularly useful for:

> * Batches with sequences of varying lengths

Reviewer: There needs to be a blank line before the first point.

* Reducing unnecessary computation on padding
* Maintaining accuracy when sequences have different effective lengths

> ## Used API surface

Reviewer: What is meant here by "api surface"?

Author: An API surface is the part of an API that is exposed to the user. It's more common in web development AFAIK - I suppose the term found its way to us through the Microsoft style guide. In this case I'm just following the established terminology found in other READMEs in this repo.
